# brielle-arduino-uno
My circuit uses a switch, piezo and ‘pitches.h’ library to play the song “Jingle Bells."
The song begins to play when the switch is pressed. I adapted this Arduino Uno circuit and code from the linked website: https://create.arduino.cc/projecthub/joshi/piezo-christmas- songs-fd1ae9?ref=platform&ref_id=424_trending_part__&offset=85 . This code includes the ‘pitches.h’ library which is used to create the pitches of different notes by reading a value between 0-1023. In addition, the little yellow light near digital port 13 lights up to the beat of the song. This is controlled using only code, no external wires are connected to this port. The entire code includes three songs that can be changed using three different switches. While I got this code/circuit to work, I decided to only play one song because I added more components to the circuit causing the breadboard to become crowded. The components that I added were the LCD (Liquid Crystal Display) and potentiometer which I adapted from the linked website: https://www.arduino.cc/en/Tutorial/LibraryExamples/HelloWorld . This website displays “hello world!” but I changed this to “happy holidays!” The potentiometer is used to control the contrast of the LCD. The ‘LiquidCrystal.h’ library is needed in the code to allow the LCD to work. Also, under the words “happy holidays!” there is a timer which counts up from 0. I integrated the two sets of code by putting the ‘void setup’ codes together and the ‘void loop’ codes together. Due to merging two circuits, I had to change some pin numbers in the original code.
